Miss Hou, Dean Xu is right
Why don't we keep him here?
Wait a minute I have a situation
Teacher Xie Yang
Guys, my father has medication today
The birthday banquet can't go on
Please eat
If you are in a hurry, please leave by yourself
Please say I can't send you away
It doesn't matter, Miss Hu's health is important
Leave me alone
Yes, Miss Hu, we can do it ourselves
Bring him with me
By the way, Master Yang
What do you want to ask him?
In fact, there is nothing wrong with Dean Xu
Grandpa Hou
It is true that there was a problem with the body before coming to the hospital
I'm not surprised he can't check it out
After all, his medical skills are limited
Yes Yes Yes Yes
My medical skills are limited
It's just that
I'm curious.
How did this old man Liang know?
Grandpa Hou has a problem with his body
This Sun Eleven
Not every day
Stay with this old man
Master Yang means